ANNOUNCER: 9-1-1,
what's your emergency?
This right here
is your stop.
Catch all-new episodes
Mondays, and check out
our other Fox programs--
Empire, Star, andThe Resident.
Let's use today
as an opportunity to
celebrate what's to come.
ANNOUNCER:
Only on Fox.
Hello, everybody.
Thanks for spending
your mornings with us today.
Angelenos waking up
a little bit on edge today
after a second package bomb
has exploded
in the Southland
in as many days.
Now, the first victim,
Miranda Filson, she's
a criminal defense attorney
from South Pasadena,and somehow survived the blast.
The second victim,
a retired insurance adjustor,
is clinging to life
at this very hour.
Now, authorities are urging
the public: stay vigilant.
If you see something,
say something.
If the truck's parked ina driveway with its hazards on,
it's probably
just making a delivery.
No, sir. Having
a foreign-sounding last name
is not reason enough
for me to send the police out
to investigate your neighbors.
-[barking over phone]
-[sighs]: Uh, uh, I'm sorry.
Ma'am, I'm having
some trouble hearing you.
Are you being attacked by a dog?
WOMAN:
No! That's my dog!
We've got the bomber
pinned down!
-Send the cops!
-MAN: Ah! Stop it!
-WOMAN: Good boy, Titus.
-God, help me. She's crazy.
You say you have the bomber
pinned down?
WOMAN:  I caught him putting a package
-in my mailbox.
-MAN: I'm the mailman!
-Ma'am, he says
he's the mailman.
-He's not my mailman.
-My mailman's Larry.
-Stop! Stop it!
Larry's out for two weeks
with foot surgery!
-WOMAN: I think
he did something to Larry.
-Okay, I'm dispatching
-a unit to your location.
-[man shouting]
And, ma'am, I suggest you
put Titus back in the house
-before the officers arrive.  -MAN: You got to help me here.
♪
911. What's your emergency?
WOMAN: Oh, my God, there's a backpack!
-There's a backpack  outside Brookside Elementary!
-Ma'am?
-Send the cops! Quick! Please!
-Ma'am, slow down.
Tell me again,
where was the backpack found?
[children screaming, shouting]
MAN:
Keep moving.
[excited chatter]
[alarm ringing]
[sirens wailing, horn blowing]
[chatter continues]
BUCK:
All right, everyone, as close
and as tight to the truck
as you can be.
All right, stay tucked in,
stay tucked in.
You guys are doing great.
Thank you.
Teacher spotted it out there
after recess.
Nobody claimed it.
Yeah, but it's not a package.
I thought this guy sent
his bombs through the mail.
-Maybe he changed his M.O.
-Or inspired some other crazy.
MAN [over radio]:
Air 32 on tac 1.
Moving into position.
[filtered breathing]
We have visual.
Repeat, we have visual.
-JIM: Carlos, what do we got?
-Unclear.
Some metallic component
is interfering with the image.
Shall we travel it?
I repeat, shall we travel it?
Let's not take any chances.
Proceed with
controlled detonation.
Copy that.
JIM:
All units, be advised!
Fire in the hole.
Stay tucked in.
-JIM: On my mark!
-Down, down, down.
Three...
two...
one.
Whoa, whoa, whoa.Stay back, stay back, stay back.
♪
Substance appears to be
some kind of... grayish paste.
GIRL:
It's tuna fish.
Emily. Was that your lunch?
-Yes.
-Why didn't you say something?
I don't like tuna fish.
Am I under arrest?
These false alarms
are almost more nerve-wracking
-than the real thing.
-Don't even think that.
Maybe the whole thing
is a false alarm.
-Maybe it's over.
-Maybe.
MAN [over radio]:
All-clear given.
There is no bomb.
All students and staff
are permitted
to enter the campus.
Engine 118 is on the scene.
OFFICER:
Central. 10-24.
We are en route now.
BOBBY:
Okay, this is
our final contestant.
ATHENA:
Okay.
-Mmm! Mmm, mmm!
-You're picking a cake
but haven't even decided
on the venue?
The cake is how
we're picking the venue.
Yeah, it seems silly
to run all over town
looking at yachts and ballroomsand country clubs,
so we settled
on three restaurants
-that can all do a wedding.
-Bought a cake from each.
-Best cake wins.
-Have you guys finalized
your guest list yet?
BOBBY:
That all depends.
Your mother won't allow me
to put Chief Alonzo
on the guest list
till my suspension is lifted.
Which needs to happen
by the end of the week.
I still don't understand why youguys are doing a stupid wedding.
Baby, I thought you were good
with me and Bobby
getting married.
Because if you're not,
if you need more time...
No. It's fine.
You guys can get married.
It's just...
I don't want to wear a tux,
or dance with May.
Well, who said
you had to wear a tux?
Mom, it's a wedding.Of course he has to wear a tux.
HARRY:
Tuxedos are stupid.
And plus, I'm way too old
to be a ring bearer.
ATHENA:
Oh, aw,
but you're exactly the right ageto walk me down the aisle.
Hmm? This wedding
isn't just about me and Bobby.
It's about us--
the three of us--
choosing to make Bobby
a part of our family.
Now, we all walk down that aisletogether or not at all.
Okay.
Together.
Maybe just without the tux?
[laughing]
[indistinct chatter]
[Helena sighs]
-He is growing up way too fast.
-[chuckles]
Mm, he was so brave yesterday
at the funeral.
Bravest kid I know.
Yep, yep. Just like his father.
[chuckles]
His mom was pretty brave, too.
How? By running out on him?
Ramon.
Papi,we're not doing this.
[sighs]
I apologize.
Look, honey, um...
we know Shannon
loved Christopher.
Of course, Mom.
Okay. But she's gone...
and you are
a single father, again,
okay, and the hours
you work, Eddie...
Come home.
-To El Paso?
-Texas has fires, too.
You could join
a department there.
[chuckles]:
Dad.
It's not that simple.
I'm still
a probationary firefighter.
I'm so close
to earning my shield.
You want me to just throw away
the last year of my life?
Right.
Is that why you all
flew in here, huh?
Not for the funeral,
but to bring us back,
was that the plan?
Yeah, and we could help you,
and Christopher
would be close to family,and you could have a life there.
We have a life here, and family.
Thank you, Eddie.
We are sitting right here.
EDDIE:
I won't uproot him again.
RAMON:
Christopher hasn't
been here long enough
to put down roots--
he spent
the first six years
of his life in El Paso,
with us.
Being with me is
what's best for Christopher.
I chose this life for a reason.
You can choose another one.
♪ I couldn't stop movin'
when it first took hold♪
♪ It was a warm spring night
at the old town hall♪
♪ There was a group
called The Jokers...♪
How's the line look?
35, 50 people tops.
And most of them standing
against the gate
looking at their phone.
People are probably staying home'cause of the bomber.
Time was, there'd be 30, 40,
hell, even 50,000 fans
out there.
I mean, we played stadiums
halfway around the globe.
Yeah? Well, folks got
the Internet now.
If they want to see dumb peopledoing stupid things,
they can just get it
for free online.
Hey, hey,
who you calling stupid?
You're dumb.
The car is stupid.
This whole production, actually.
[ignition sputtering]
Will you quit your complaining?
You wanted me to retire. Fine.
But first...
I'm gonna give 'em a show.
Right now, I'm looking ata useless heap of rusted junk...
and then there's the car.
Har-har.
Me and this car got a lot
of miles left on us.
Baby.
This is dangerous.
You might be my fourth wife,
but Janis here,
she's my first love.
I think you just want to go outin a big old blaze of glory.
Yeah? Well, if it means
I'd get one single minute
-of peace and quiet...
-Hey!
...so be it.
[Roy chuckles, clears throat]
Try her now.
Try her now!
Okay!
[engine starts]
-[screaming]
-Roy!
-[continues screaming]
[sirens wailing]
ROY:
Be careful what you do, okay?
-I know, I know.
-Do you know what y...
-Just be quiet. Be quiet!
-Where you going? Where you...
-Ma'am, what happened?
-He got himself all caught up
in the engine-- it just,it just sucked him straight in.
"She," damn it!
The car is a she!
Let this be a lesson
to you, Roy.
You mistreat a woman,
they mistreat you right back.
You know, I-I've been trying to,like, cut him loose,
but I can't quite get in there.
Let's get down there
and see what we can do.
HEN:
Oh.
Sir, I need you to keep
very, very still.
Any chance you can get me loosewithout cutting the hair?
-It's kind of
my trademark, you know?
-MAUDE: Forget the hair!
-You've been scalped.
-What?!
MAUDE:
That's what I've been
trying to tell you.
You know, this isn't even
the worst he's been hurt.
-Okay, ma'am, I need you to giveus some room to work, okay?
-What? Why?
Yeah, I can see why
she couldn't get in there.
His hair is too tightly wound
into the belt.
We can't cut him free
without pulling at the wound
and making it worse.
We'll have
to come at it sideways.
Sideways?
What do you mean, sideways?
EDDIE:
We're gonna have
to cut the engine belt
and remove the alternator,
probably the crankshaft pulley,
whatever's in the way
to get you free.
Like hell you are!
[power tool whirring]
We need to locate that piston.
ROY:
That hood's a one-of-a-kind.
Just be careful. Please.
We'll need a socket wrench
for that crankshaft.
ROY:
Oh, man.
Ooh.
ROY:
Oh, don't put that over there.
-Oh, God.
-One, two...
-[Roy screams]
-CHIMNEY: Just hold on.
-Almost there.
-[Roy groans]
-You're killing her!
-Try to relax, sir.
ROY:
How can I relax?
You're killing my car, man.
ROY:
Oh, man.
Thought you wanted
a blaze of glory.
Setting you on fire, now that
would be a glorious blaze.
[screaming]
Please, sir, do not move!
Do not move!
Damn it.
He pulled the occipital vein.
-Cap, he's gonna bleed out.
-All right,
let's step it up, guys.
-Hen, what's going on down here?-I'm almost there.
MAUDE:
Oh, God, don't let him die,
you guys.
I love the bastard.
-HEN: Almost there.
-Maude, I swear to you,
honey,
if I get out of this alive,
I'll never do
a reckless thing ever.
I'm done with that life.
[crying]
MAUDE:
It's okay, baby,
we're gonna get you out.
HEN:
It's coming, coming, coming.
MAUDE:
I'm here, baby.
CHIMNEY:
Got it.
Let's raise him up,
nice and easy.
MAUDE:
Oh!
[Roy groans]
MAUDE:
You dumb fool.
All this just to impress
a couple dozen people?
Not them.
You.
All you got to do
to impress me is live.
-He'll live.
-I will?
-[Maude exhales]
-You hear that, Maude?
I'm gonna live.
Keep the parts safe, honey.
Call the promoter.
A couple of stitches,
a decent toupee,
we can do this comeback tour
next week.
I'm back, baby! [laughs]
Roy, you son of a...
It has a full kitchen
with a quartz backsplash,
spacious master bathroom,
elevated sleeping area.
And the view. [laughs]
You cannot put a price on that.
Yeah, but, mm, you did.
[laughs] There's wiggle room.
Well, we are all about
the wiggle room, right?
[chuckles] Yeah.
I like it.
Open floor plan.
Touch of modern.
A little raw.
I see the potential.
-Do you, now? [chuckles]
-Yeah.
We could, uh, we could have youliving like a real adult.
-BUCK: Oh.
-ALI: Yeah.
-[chuckles]
-This would be my first place
all on my own.
Oh. I assumed
you'd be living here together.
Oh, uh, no.
-[chuckles]
-No, this is...
She's just my decorator.
[laughs]:
Uh, no. We, uh...
We're just not quite
at that stage yet.
ALI:
Yeah, not quite.
We're at the stage where
I'm ready for his man cave
to get a little more
natural light.
I travel a lot for work,
-and he's...
-Better than a hotel.
-ALI: Oh, yeah. A lot better.
-[Buck laughs]
[whispers]:
Let's talk closet space.
♪
Hey, guys, it's Becca.
I'm back from Belize,
and I am super pumped
to tell you all about my trip
and the amazing new products
I tried.
So, thanks to my partnership
with Pouty Gal Lip Wear,
we got to tour all over.
The Belizeans are so adore,
and, like, even though
they don't have a lot of money
or whatever, they're still,
like, super happy to serve you
and always smiling,
and I just love them.
I mean, I'm, like, totally
reeling from all that travel,
but, you know,
that's the life I chose.
Like, putting myself out there
to find you guys
next-level products
to make you look
and feel beautiful,
even when I don't.
'Cause you see this?
Oh. Oh, gosh.
This is so gross, you guys.
Okay, well, um, it happens.
You know, this is real life,
and I'm always gonna keep it 100with you guys,
which is why today
I will be showing you
the proper way to pop a pimple.
What you want to do...
is start away
from the whitehead
and just gently apply pressure
to the surrounding area.
Like... [inhales sharply]
Just squeeze, like...
Oh, God, you guys.
Oh, this is the worst zit ever.
Ow. [inhales sharply]
[groaning]
Oh, ow.
What? [screams]
Mommy! Mommy! Get it off!
Get it off! Get it off!
[glass breaking]
-Siri!
-[phone chimes]
Call 911.
Help.
Over here. My arm.
-Guys?
-Yeah.
I can feel it,
but I can't move it.
Like, really hurts
on my shoulder.
HEN:Looks like a fractured clavicle.
-CHIMNEY:
We're gonna sit you up.
-HEN: Okay.
-There we go.
-Ow.
Uh, dispatch said something
about an animal?
Yeah, it, um,
came out of my face.
What are we looking for,
exactly?
It was like
a little, little worm.
-Or like a grub, maybe.
-Like a maggot?
Oh, don't say "maggot."
-Maggot.
-You been out
of the country lately?
Uh, yeah, I actually do
a lot of traveling for work.
-What do you do?
-Uh, I'm a beauty
and fashion influencer.
HEN:
Has your circle
of influence included
Central and South America?
BECCA:
No. No.
I mean, I did just get back
from Belize.
Belize is in Central America.
Oh. Are you sure?
-Pretty sure.
-Botfly.
Parasite indigenous
to Central and South America,
including Belize. They reproduceby trapping mosquitoes
and laying their eggs on them.
And then when
the mosquito lands on you,
the egg hatches
and crawls
right into the feeding site.
BUCK:
Luckily it looks like
you got it out all in one piece.
They'll be able to extract
the rest at the hospital.
-The rest?-Think of them as new followers.
-[chuckles]
-Gross!
Let's get you up.
[grunts]
Ow.
Oh, my God, wait.
No, no, no, no,
can somebody grab my phone?
No, go back. Hand me my phone.
Wait, you guys. [groans]
Hi, guys. Later.
[Michael groans]
First place.
A-plus, my man.
MAY:
It's a science project, Dad.
He didn't, like, get into MIT.
Hey,
it's an engineering project.
Kid takes after his pops.
What can I say?
Hey, what's that?
Uh... package for Mom.
Harry! Don't move!
Contact the bomb squad.
[horn honks]
You guys okay?
Yeah, we're fine.
[exhales]
Oh.
-Oh. Oh, thank God
you were here.
-You know,
-something just looked wrong,
you know?
-BOYD: Sergeant Grant.
ATHENA:
Yeah.
Shawn Boyd. ATF.
I'm running point
on the serial bomber task force.
ATHENA:
So it's confirmed?
I'm on this guy's mailing list?
We think so.
Gold foil seems to be consistentwith the other three bombings.
-Three?-We found another this morning.
Vernon Clemmons.
L.A. Superior Court judge.
You know him?
ATHENA:
I've been in his courtroom
more than once.
Is he okay?
Pronounced dead on the scene.
-Are you gonna take it with you?-We're gonna try.
Could be some valuable evidenceinside that box.
Every package has gone off
as soon as someone...
-...moves it.
-That was it?
[indistinct radio chatter]
Oh, give me a second.
Thank you, Officer.
Yeah. Hey, I got here
as fast as I could.
They wouldn't let me
down the street.
Oh. Do they have any idea
who's doing this?
Yeah, well, I keep running it
in my head.
I was at the first bombing, butthe woman doesn't look familiar.
Not her name or her face.
They say she's a defense lawyer.
We must've crossed paths,
but I-I just...
You've been doing this
for a while.
You're not gonna remember everyattorney you've ever met.
They also showed me a photo
of the insurance adjuster.
He didn't look familiar, but
the only one that I am sure of
is Judge Clemmons.
-Clemmons? Why does that
sound familiar?
-Sergeant Grant.
Do you remember working an arsoncase about three years back?
It was a restaurant.
Guillermo's.
I, um-- Agent Boyd, this is
Captain Nash of LAFD.
We worked on that case together.
It's the only time I've had to
testify since I moved to L.A.
The owner was Victor Costas.
He got six years.
Should still be in prison.
Well, released early,
on account of he's dead.
About three months ago.
Cancer.
He had a wife and a kid.
A teenager.
And the son, his son,
was really angry
when his father got arrested.
Father's dead.
I wonder how angry he is now.
I can't help you.
I don't know where Freddie is.
I haven't seen him since
Victor's funeral.
Yeah, I heard about
your husband's death.
I'm sorry for your loss.
Are you?
You put him in there.
Now you want to
put Freddie away, too.
He's hurt a lot of people,
Mrs. Costas.
Killed a judge.
I don't know anything
about that.
ROMERO:
Maybe. At first.
Mrs. Filson defends criminals.
Probably had a lot of enemies.
Then the insurance adjuster,
who's on life support,
by the way,
you told yourself what?
It was a coincidence?
Couldn't be true?
We lost everything.
Insurance wouldn't pay.
All our creditors sued us.
We sold everything we had
to pay for that lawyer,
and what did we get?
A death sentence.
Prison brokemy husband,
and then it killed him.
So Freddie was angry.
At the lawyer, at the judge,
at the insurance company.
Who else is he angry at,
Mrs. Costas?
Bomb squad just cleared
your home, Captain Nash.
Nothing there.
Well, I guess that's a relief.
It doesn't make sense, though.
I was there the day
his father was arrested.
He said you blew up their lives.
Maybe he's saving
Captain Nash for last.
Hasn't sent the bomb yet.
Or maybe you searched
the wrong house.
[alarm ringing]
[excited chatter]
[siren wailing]
[horn blowing]
DISPATCH:
118, 118, this is Dispatch.
Got Bobby Nash on the line.
He says it's important.
Wait, what? Dispatch?
Dispatch, please repeat.
[car alarm blaring]
Ow. Oh!
[grunting]
[gasping]
You're new.
DWIGHT:
If you're just joining us,
witnesses are reporting
that this LAFD ladder truck,
belonging to station house 118,
was hit by some kind of
an explosive
as it was making its way
to a call.
Now, you can see
there's a firefighter
pinned under that truck...
MADDIE:
Looks like a crush injury.
Those can be tricky.
Hypovolemic shock.
Hyperkalemia.
[crying]:
He's all alone.
JOSH:
He's not.
He's surrounded by people
who want to help him.
Then how come
no one's running in there?
They can't. You know that.
We've got a perimeter set up,
but we're just guessing
the blast radius on that thing.
Can't toss him a phone.
We're not sure what kind
-of signal he's operating on.
-CHIMNEY: Dispatch,
this is Captain 118. What is theplay? I've got people
dying in the street.
Hold your position, 118.
FREDDIE:
Get me the captain!
Where's the captain?!
Hey,
I told you not to move.
Cap-Cap...
-Cap!
-I'm the captain, okay?
I'm the captain, so please justlet me help them, okay? Please.
No. No, I don't want you.
I want Captain Nash.
I love you.
Captain Nash!
Don't confront him!
-He wants me.
-He wants you dead!
-Let's give him what he wants.
-Captain Nash!
Shoot me if you have to.
DWIGHT:
This is unexpected.
A civilian now
confronting the young man
with that vest.
We've got no details
on this man's identity.
Freddie!
Thought you'd be on the truck.
I'm here now.
[phone vibrating]
How far away are you?
What's next?
It's what you wanted.
Wanted you dead.
I get that.
But what about them?
-What about him?
-[groaning]
He's got parents,
a sister, a girlfriend,
and he never did anything
to you.
He wasn't even a firefighter
when your father burned down
that restaurant.
Collateral damage.
Is that how you see yourself?
-An unintended victim
in all this?
-Stop.
One more step, we all go boom.
Freddie, you got dealt a badhand, and I am sorry about that.
But what you did with it--
that's a choice.
You stopped being a victim themoment you left that first bomb.
-That lawyer! She...
-Did her job.
We were all doing our jobs.
Destroying my family.
My mom and I lost everything.
She was in so much pain.
Want to make it worse? You wantto make her watch you die?
Freddie.
Mom.
No, no, no!
[both grunting]
Freeze! Freeze!
-Don't move!
-Dead-man's trigger.
[indistinct radio chatter]
MAN [over radio]:
Roger that. All clear.
MAN 2 [over radio]:
Copy that.
[helicopter blades whirring]
[crying]
CHIMNEY:
Still with us, Buck?
-[panting]
-Buck, how we doing?
-Kind of numb.
-HEN: I'm gonna run two lines.
-Skin is cold and pale.
-All right.
Push sodium bicarbonate.
Just hang in there, Buckaroo.
EDDIE:
Hang on, Buck.
This is Captain 118.
We've got
a probable crush injury.
I need all hands on deck
to move this truck
and clear a path
to the nearest trauma center.
-How's he doing, Chimney?
-We're out of time, Cap.
All right, let's try
to lift this off him, yeah?
Try to lift this off him!
BOBBY:
Okay, okay, we got
to try to lift this!
DWIGHT:
Well, that firefighter
really appears to have taken
the brunt of all of this.
That's an entire ladder truck
that you see there.
We can only hope
for the best at this point.
-Get a hand on.
-Come in! Come in! Come in!
BOBBY:
Get some hands in here.
Let's lift this.
-You ready?
-HEN: Hang in there, Buck.
-Ready!
-Lift!
-[all grunting]
[screaming]
-Come on!
-[Buck screaming]
-Come on, come on!
-Got to lift higher!
-One more time, guys. Ready?
-Hang in there. Hang in there.
One, two, three, lift!
-[all grunting]
-[Buck screaming]
Come on!
-HEN: Lift a little higher!
-[screaming]
-Higher!
-[grunting]
EDDIE:
Hang on, Buck.
She's too heavy.
We got anything on the truck
we can use for leverage?
No. We need more people.
I'll radio again.
Dispatch, this is the captain.
♪
[excited chatter]
DWIGHT:
All right, stand by.
Now, look at this.
Bystanders stepping in.
They're gonna help out.
This really is an amazing scene that's unfolding.
What an incredible show
of support and gratitude.
-BOBBY: We can do this!
-CHIMNEY: Get in here!
HEN:
Hurry, hurry, hurry, hurry!
Everybody, put a hand in
where you can!
BOBBY:
On three.
One... two... three!
[all grunting]
[Buck screaming]
CHIMNEY:
Okay, we got him!
We got him! We got him!
[screaming]
He's almost clear! Hold it!
Keep pulling!
All right, we got him out!
♪ My sanctuary♪
DWIGHT:
What a great moment
for this city.
-Go!  -A great moment for all of us.
CHIMNEY:All right, we're gonna lift himonto the board on three.
One, two, three!
[grunts]
Again.
One, two, three!
♪ We can find shelter
and peace...♪
We good?
-HEN: Stay with us, Buck.-BOBBY: Just stay with us, kid.
Hospital's four minutes away,
okay?
-Come on.
-[cheering]
BOBBY:
Hang on there, buddy.
DWIGHT: This kind of brings me back to the earthquake,
with all those expressions
of love this city had
for its first responders.
Here we go again,
live on television.
♪ You're safe with me♪
♪ My sanctuary...♪
You're a fool.
♪ Safe with me♪
But I love you, too.
♪ 'Cause this is
our sanctuary.♪
♪
[coughing]
Welcome back.
-Carla...
-[chuckles]
-You-You're here.
-Of course I'm here.
Hey, if I see my friend
on the news
being crushed by a fire truck,
I'm here.
Okay, okay, okay, Buckaroo.
All right, all right.
It's gonna be okay.
Is it?
Did you speak to the doctor?
Did he say anything about
how the surgery went?
Just that you made it through.
And you're now the proud owner
of one titanium rod and four
beautifully cobalt-chromed
screws. [chuckles]
You were hoping for
something more?
Before they wheeled me in,
he, uh...
he said he didn't know
how it was gonna go.
You'll walk again.
Yeah. He-he said...
he said he was pretty confidentabout that.
He, uh, he just-- he didn't knowif I would ever...
work again.
Okay, I'm not gonna lie to you
and tell you that
it's gonna be all right.
But I don't think you need to beborrowing trouble, not yet.
Let's just take this moment
and be glad that you're alive.
Ali seems nice.
-You met Ali?
-Mm.
So we're into brunettes now.
She was actually blonde
when I met her.
Oh, so we're just gonna cover
the waterfront.
-Carla...
-[both laughing]
ALI:
He's awake.
-Hi.
-Hey.
Hey...
Hey.
You were in surgery for a while.
Too long.
Thank you for being here.
I would like it noted that
he didn't thank either of us.
-Girl, I don't think he knows
we're still in the room.
-Right?
[Carla laughs]
KAREN:
It's Caltech, part-time.
So it'd be half the moneybut twice as many hours at home.
HEN [chuckles]:
Remember when working remotely
wasn't even a thing?
KAREN [laughs]:
Like it was yesterday.
I guess in the grand scheme
of time, it was yesterday.
If only you could do that.
[laughs]
Bite your tongue.
The day I'm working from home,
our damn house is on fire.
[laughs]
I figure it'll be good to have
more time with Denny...
and anyone else
who might come along.
-You see what you did there?
-[laughs]
Just dropped it, quiet-like.
Well, I've been thinking.
I am a woman of a certain age...
HEN:Well, if there's anybody who canstrong-arm Mother Nature,
it's you.
Are you serious about this?
[sighs] It's not like we never
talked about it.
We had a whole plan and then...
HEN:
Denny.
KAREN:
We weren't sure
if we were making
the right decision
that time either.
But there has never been a day
I regret choosing being his mom.
Do you?
You and that man
are the two things
that get me home every day.
A couple more footsteps stompingaround the house might be nice.
[whistles]
Now that is a hell of a thing.
-It's a loaner.
-A loaner?
Chim, for real?
I'm kidding. We own it.
With the caveat that we
are not allowed to flip,
crash, or blow her up
any time soon.
Oh.
But I made no promises.
Cap.
You're back.
I'm back.
Well, it's kind of hard
to fire a guy
who was a hero on the 6:00 news.
Imagine the letters
they would get.
HEN:
Not to mention
the fiery tweet-storm
that'd rain down on their heads,starting with me.
Welcome back, Cap.
[laughs] About damn time.
Thank you.
Feels great to be home.
But admit it, you do miss
Captain Han just a little.
Not even a little.
Things are finally getting back
to the way they should be.
Almost.
Easy, okay?
I don't want you to fall
and break the other one.
I am just glad to be out
of the hospital.
-Yeah?
-I miss my own bed...
which I won't see
for the next three months.
Guess I am sleeping down here.
You're like
a perpetual roommate.
Even in your own place.
Lesson learned:
Never sign a lease
if you intend on being crushed
by municipal equipment.
Mm. Uh, or better idea?
[Buck grunting]
How about not get crushed
by municipal equipment?
Huh. Now, why didn't
I think of that?
I don't know. Mm.
So...
have you, uh, have you thought
about what's next?
Once you take this thing off.
[laughs]
Why? Did-did the doctor say
something to you?
No.
Um, I don't-- I don't know,
you know.
I guess a lot of
physical therapy and then...
You'll probably want to just
get right back out there.
Yeah, of-of course, I mean...
You know, wh-what else?
Uh...
What? Come on, what's going on?
I watched you almost die, Evan.
-Yeah, but I didn't.
-But you could have.
But I didn't.
I know. I...
I know. Thank God.
Look, I...
It's not like I didn't know
you were in a dangerous line
of work
when I met you, you know,
ten stories up
of a collapsing high rise.
-Exactly.
-That was one day...
one day of my life, Evan.
It's every day for you.
I'm just starting
to really understand
-what that means.
-Wait, so-so you want me
to quit my job, that's what
you're asking me to do?
No, I would never-- I would
never ask you to do that.
Listen.
I know it's who you are.
I'm just not sure...
If it's who you are.
Hey.
I don't know yet.
Okay?
Hi.
Right. What am I doing here?
Um...
I asked you if things
were ever gonna be the same
and you said no.
You know, I've been thinking
about that a lot, too.
And, uh, I think maybe
I was wrong.
I think you were right.
But that's okay because...
We're never gonna get back
what we would have had.
But maybe we could have
something else.
[sighs]
You know, you were standing
right there
when you asked me out
on a date, and, uh,
I'm not sure I'd ever been
so happy.
Until right now.
♪
Hey! Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Come on, be careful.
Uh, were you gonna sewthese two pieces back together?
I don't think so.
Doesn't mean
you had to rip them.
Uh-huh. Looks terrible.
It's gonna be fine, okay?
We're just gonna tuck it
in the top of your cast.
I don't even know why
I'm taking you.
You shouldn't be on your feet;
you need to be healing.
Well, this is more important.
If I break anything else,
they can just fix that, too,
with the other stuff.
Wait. What other stuff?
They want me to have
another surgery.
Uh, doctor wasn't happywith what he saw on the X-rays,
so he wants to go back in
and replace the rod
and do some bone grafts.
Well, do they think it's
a delayed union or nonunion?
I mean, if it's just healing
slower than expected,
you could just wait a few weeks.
I'm not waiting.
The sooner I have the surgery,
sooner I can go back to work.
So the doctor does want you
to wait.
You should listen to him.
Okay. We're talking
about your health.
Your ability to walk.
We're talking about
the rest of your life.
No, being a firefighter
is my life.
It is the, the only thing I haveever done that was important
and that mattered, okay?
Without that,
I-I-I don't have...
You will still be Buck,
okay, and we will all love you.
There are lots
of other important things
that you can do with your life.
No.
No, I've already made my choice.
BOBBY:
People assume
we choose this life.
I'm not so sure.
Sometimes I think
this life chooses us.
For those that answer the call,
there can be no doubt,
no equivocation.
It's not just the lives of thosewe serve that depend on us,
but our own.
The lives
of our fellow firefighters
and first responders.
Today we welcomeinto those ranks a new brother.
After a year of hard work
and dedication,
I am proud to officially declare
that your probationary period
is at an end.
Welcome to the Los Angeles
Fire Department,
-Firefighter Diaz.
-Thank you, sir.
[cheering, applause]
♪ Oh, for once in my...♪
What do you got for me, son?
I got your helmet.
Yeah, my helmet? Oh!
♪ Could just something go♪
[applause]
♪ Could just something
go right?♪
Congratulations, Dad.
[laughs]:
Oh...
Thank you so much, Christopher.
ATHENA:
An emergency
is the absence of choice.
The randomness of the world...
♪ Oh, for once in my...♪
...the crazy chaos of life,
robbing us of our safety...
...our illusions.
But in those moments
of darkness...
♪ Go right?♪
...and fear, we call out
to the light up ahead,
to the people we love.
We steal back that choice,
and we choose each other.
We choose
friendship and family.
We choose hope.
We choose joy.
We choose to live.
♪ Oh, for once in my,
oh, for once in my life...♪
Athena!
Hey. This is a surprise.
Figured you'd be going home
to sleep after your shift.
-No, I wanted to see you first.-[chuckles]
-That's so sweet.
-What are you doing today?
Oh, let's see, laundry,
grocery shopping, the usual.
What if we get married instead?
-Whoa.
-Go to the courthouse,
get our license, say our vows,
just do it.
-[laughs]
-"You, me and the kids."
That's all you said you needed.
And we have that now, today.
And if there's one thingyou and I know, it's that today
is the only thing
you can be sure of.
So let's not waste
another moment waiting.
[laughs]
-Mm...
-All right, I'll change,
uh, we'll get
the kids from school.
-I know you don't
have a dress, but...
-No
I have a dress.
♪ All my life...♪
So when the ground shifts
beneath our feet
and the storms rage around us,
it's all these people
that provide relief.
And offer shelter.
This is how we save ourselves,
by saving each other.
Because nobody, not anybody,
has ever been saved alone.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
You've answered the call
on9-1-1.
Now here are a few more shows to check out from Fox.
Are you ready?
ANNOUNCER: May 20.
How do you feel
about Shania Twain?
We've heard of her.
-Somebody is going home.
-[audience laughs]
ANNOUNCER:
How do you feel about--
Motown! Disco. Hip hop.
Hallelujah!
[audience cheering]
ANNOUNCER:
And get ready...
Let's go get you
that money.
...for the biggest premiere
inBeat Shazam history.
I'm gonna put a price on it.
[together]
One... million... dollars!
ANNOUNCER: Beat Shazam.
Season premiere,
May 20 on Fox.